Add file-system watching troubleshooting to user manual (#13271)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/gradle_daemon.adoc

This enables watching the file-system for this build only.
Put `org.gradle.unsafe.watch-fs=true` in your `gradle.properties`::
This enables watching the file-system for all builds, unless explicitly disabled with `--no-watch-fs`.

[[sec:daemon_watch_fs_troubleshooting]]
=== Troubleshooting file-system watching

> Limitations::

Reviewer: Should we clarify that these limitations are stuff we are actively working on removing before the feature goes into production?

Author: I added a sentence.

> - If your build doesn’t declare inputs and outputs properly, there is a chance Gradle does not detect changes to undeclared stuff.

Reviewer: This isn't a limitation. I'd mention this under the "Gradle doesn't pick up my changes" section below.

Author: I removed the point, since it is already mentioned under "Gradle doesn't pick up my changes".

- If you have symlinks in your build, you won’t get the performance benefits for those locations (we plan to change this in the future).
- Default excludes (ignoring files and directories like “CVS/”, “.DS_Store” etc.) cannot be configured when VFS retention is enabled.
- When multiple daemons are running, the idle ones can pick up the changes produced by the others and create large log files with lots of debug info about the changes.
- On Windows, we don’t support SUBST and network drives (they might work, but we don’t test them yet).

Gradle does not pick up some of my changes.::

> _Please https://gradle-community.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=file-system-watching[let us know] if that happens to you._ If your build declares its inputs and outputs correctly, this should not happen. If it does, it’s either a bug we need to fix, or your build is lacking the declaration of some inputs or outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please https://gradle-community.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=file-system-watching[let us know on the Gradle community Slack] if that happens to you._ If your build declares its inputs and outputs correctly, this should not happen. So it’s either a bug we need to fix, or your build is lacking the declaration of some inputs or outputs.
```

Please put every sentence on a new line.

Why am I always getting “Received 8 file system events since last build” even though I only changed one file?::

> These are harmless notifications about changes to Gradle's own caches that happen after file watching has started.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention that this is going away soon?

Author: I wouldn't. If they are gone, let's remove them from the user manual.

Author: I wouldn't. If they are gone, let's remove them from the user manual.

`Dropped VFS state due to lost state`::

> _Please https://gradle-community.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=file-system-watching[let us know] if that happens to you._ That means that either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Please https://gradle-community.slack.com/app_redirect?channel=file-system-watching[let us know] if that happens to you._ This message means that either
```

> - The daemon received some unknown file-system event.
> - Too many changes happened, and the watching API couldn’t handle it.

Reviewer: This is stylistic, but I think this is better:

```suggestion
- the daemon received some unknown file-system event,
- too many changes happened, and the watching API couldn’t handle it.
```

In both cases the build cannot benefit from file-system watching.

`Caught exception: Couldn't add watch, error = 28`::

> If you receive this error on Linux, you need to raise inotify limits, see https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/IDEADEV/Inotify+Watches+Limit[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive this error on Linux then you ran out of inotify handles. To raise the limit https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/IDEADEV/Inotify+Watches+Limit[see here].
```
